twas the night before Christmas when all
through the house not a creature was
stirring not even a mouse the stockings
all hung by the chimney with care in
hopes that st. Nicholas soon would be
there
Wow I see
Merry Christmas
give them a hug and um thank you oh
you've been such a good boy
Merry Christmas Brandon no to Luke
Merry Christmas I have to go and to go
deliver toys go back you go to bed
tonight I'll come back it'll come back
and bring all the rest of the toys later
okay okay tell Santa Merry Christmas
here let's go walking but let's go walk
him out the door let's go away let's go
away let's walk about the door
oh he's Dingling Christmas
somebody tell him bye-bye Merry
Christmas son Merry Christmas he sprang
to his sleigh to his team gave a whistle
and away they all flew like the down of
a thistle
but I heard him exclaim as he drove out
of sight happy Christmas to all and to
all a good night
you